# ENSF-409-Group-Project
## Table of contents

* [Problem Definition](#problem-definition)
* [Versions](#versions)
* [Technologies](#technologies)
* [Setup for Application Use](#setup-for-application-use) 
* [Setup for Unit Testing](#setup-for-unit-test)
* [Contributors](#contributors)
* [Licence](#licence)

## Problem Definition
Our client requested an application that allows for efficient generation of food hampers 
based on specificed inventory availability and family nutrional needs. The program should
allow user interaction using a graphical user interface and access to an mySQL database 
for information regarding food availability and clinet needs. An ideal hamper generated by the application should ensure a balanced diet with sufficient caloric content with minimal waste. 

More information on problem definition and client specification: [here](./Project_Handout.pdf)

## Versions
* Version 2.0 (code found in folder Project 2.0) is the most current version that fulfills the requirement of the problem definition. An overview of 2.0 version can be seen in the final [UML diagram](./Final_UML.pdf).

## Technologies
Project is created with:
* Java: JDK 11

Library files used:
* mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar
* junit-4.13.2.jar
* hamcrest-core-1.3.jar


## Setup for Application Use
To compile the program, open the working directory of the file in the terminal, then compile using:
* Mac OS
```
javac -cp .:lib/junit-4.13.2.jar:lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar:.:lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu/ucalgary/ensf409/*.java
```

* Windows
```
javac -cp .;lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar;lib/junit-4.13.2.jar;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu/ucalgary/ensf409/*.java
```
To execute the program use

* Mac OS
```
java -cp .:./lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu.ucalgary.ensf409.GUI
```
* Windows
```
java -cp .;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu.ucalgary.ensf409.GUI
```

## Setup for Unit Test
Be sure to restore the FOOD_INVENTORY database before running unit test to ensure enough food is in the inventory to generate hampers. To run the unit test, compile using:
* Mac OS

```
javac -cp .:lib/junit-4.13.2.jar:lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar:.:lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu/ucalgary/ensf409/ProjectTest.java
```
* Windows
```
javac -cp .;lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar;lib/junit-4.13.2.jar;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar edu/ucalgary/ensf409/ProjectTest.java
```
Execute using command :
* Mac OS

```
java -cp .:lib/junit-4.13.2.jar:lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar:.:lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar org.junit.runner.JUnitCore edu.ucalgary.ensf409.ProjectTest
```

* Windows
```
java -cp .;lib/hamcrest-core-1.3.jar;lib/junit-4.13.2.jar;lib/mysql-connector-java-8.0.23.jar org.junit.runner.JUnitCore edu.ucalgary.ensf409.ProjectTest
```
## Contributors
* Nooreldeen Abdallah (NooreldeenAbd)
* Justin Kuhn (Justin-kuhn)
* Fanny Lo (Fan-Lo)
* Jan Petallo (janpetallo)

## Licence

Copyright [2022]

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License");
you may not use this file except in compliance with the License.
You may obtain a copy of the License at

    http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS,
WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied.
See the License for the specific language governing permissions and
limitations under the License.

